chore: Adds Conditional Rendering documentation for Entities (#11)
epilot-dev/docs: docs/entities/attributes.md

  "default": true
}
```

# Conditional Rendering

> The Conditional Rendering feature, controls the visibility of Schema attributes inside of our Entity Details View. As expected, when dealing with attributes, it's likely that depending on the available entity data, some attributes may not be visible depending on a certain condition. To accommodate that, entity attributes can be controlled by a conditional rendering expression. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Conditional Rendering feature, controls the visibility of Schema attributes inside of our Entity Details View. As expected, when dealing with attributes, it's likely that depending on the available entity data, some attributes should be shown or hidden depending upon certain logical condition. To accommodate that, entity attributes can be controlled by a conditional rendering expression. 
```

- **Entity List Item lists**, displaying specific summary attributes depending on a given condition:

  ```
  {
    "ui_config": {
      "list_item": {
        "summary_attributes": [
          {
            "label": "Variability",
            "value": "{{t \"summary.Variable\" }}",
            "show_as_tag": true,
            "tag_color": "secondary",
            "render_condition": 'is_composite_price = "false" & variable_price = "true"'
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
  ```
  
- **Attributes rendered on an Entity Details view**

  ```
  {
    "name": "price_components",
    "label": "Price Component",
    "type": "relation",
    "show_in_table": true,
    "render_condition": 'is_composite_price = "true"'
  }  
  ```

- **Attribute Groups**, displayed conditionally

  ```
  {
    "id": "Payment Information",
    "label": "Payment Information",
    "expanded": true,
    "order": 20,
    "render_condition": 'is_composite_price = "false"'
  }
  ```
  
When building `render_condition`'s the user can access the full entity context, which means all attributes of the current entity will be available on the expression.

## Limitations

### Attribute Values

> We only support comparisons using strings and numbers. You can't use arrays or objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only support comparisons using strings and numbers. Comparing two objeccts or arrays is not supported. However, nested properties of objects and arrays can be used to build the expression. For example: `price_components.value.$relation.length < "1"`
```

### Composed Expressions

At the moment, a composed expression can only be combined by one type of logical operator at a time. Which means, you can have a full expression composed by ANDs or by ORs, but not by both.

Examples:

✅ `type="electric" AND is_rechargeable="true"`

❌ `type = "electric" AND is_rechargeable = "true" OR is_recharges_count > "1"`

### Expression Builder

> The Entity Builder, doesn't support a good UI yet for building such expressions. Which means the only way to configured them is through the code edition mode on the Entity Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Entity Builder, doesn't support a good UI yet for building such expressions. Which means the only way to configure them is by changing the code on the Entity Builder.
```
